# Software-University
The "Programming Basics" course provides the initial programming skills necessary for all technology majors at Software University. This includes writing programming code at an entry level (basic coding skills), working with a development environment (IDE), using variables and data, operators and expressions, working with the console (reading input data and printing results), using conditional constructs (if, if-else) and loops (for, while, do-while).

The course "Programming Fundamentals" students begin to study SoftUni's in-house program for comprehensive training of software engineers. The course examines fundamental concepts in programming, which are the basis for effective and quality training in the professional modules. Learners build on the knowledge gained in the Programming Basics course and begin to use more complex programming concepts and structures such as: arrays, sheets, objects and classes. Additional technologies needed by every software developer are studied, such as HTML and CSS, HTTP, bitwise operations, and more. The basics of web development are covered, as well as one of the most common technologies and tools, with which the course successfully builds an idea among students about the upcoming professional modules and the knowledge they will gain from them to become successful software developers.

In the "JS Advanced" course, you will get a deep knowledge of the JavaScript language, such as the basics of syntax, working with arrays, matrices, objects, classes and writing functions. You will study more complex concepts like function context, explicit binding, event loop. The course will develop your algorithmic thinking. After successful completion of this course, you will be able to work with the DOM tree, do manipulations on it and work with "events". Functional and OOP approaches to JavaScript programming will be explored, studying concepts such as inheritance, object composition, and prototype chaining.

In the course "JS Applications" you will learn what HTTP requests are and how to use them. You will learn about REST Services, what a Baas (backend as a service) is and how to work with it, what asynchronous code means (Promises, using async/await), what Templating and Routing are. During the course, you will create a Single Page Application, using the techniques learned from previous lectures, on which you will be assessed. You will understand what is the architecture of an application and how to properly structure your applications. By the end of the course, you'll explore different design patterns and their practical guidelines, create your own web components using the Web Components standard, and build a Webback environment from scratch.

The "JS Back-End" course is intensive and aims to introduce learners to the development of server-side JavaScript applications on the Node.js platform using Express.js as a framework. During the training you will understand how to create a server with Node.js, you will learn the server-client architecture and how to make easy and fast data-driven web applications with Node.js, Express.js and MongoDB using modern techniques and tools. One of the most popular non-relational databases, MongoDB, will be covered, along with the Mongoose library for retrieving data from it. Towards the end of the course, a complete REST API will be built from scratch using Express.js and MongoDB. There is a strong emphasis on hands-on exercises where you get involved in real-world web page development projects, implementing site fragments and creating complete modern websites with a good look, modern structure and mobile support.

The "Angular" course provides knowledge and practical skills for building client applications (Single Page Applications) with Angular technology, a working framework created by Google and one of the most popular at the moment. You will learn what TypeScript is, basic syntax and concepts, and what more it offers over JavaScript, such as conveniences for development in the browser and on mobile platforms. Learn what Single Page Application (SPA) is, architectural patterns for SPA applications, components, directives and their implementation in Angular. Views and templates for data visualization (templates), models, components, data binding, working with many views, observables, routing, extracting data from a REST service and dependency injection ( DI).

The "JS Front-End" course of HTML & CSS is to lay a foundation of knowledge in web technologies, specifically an introduction to HTML5 and CSS3. Students will gain a beginning knowledge of web development, web browsers, HTML/CSS/DOM development tools and develop practical skills in using the Web Content Description Language (HTML) and the Web Content Stylesheet Language (CSS). Basic HTML tags, paragraphs, lists, tables, forms, controls, and semantic HTML tags are studied. Emphasis is placed on basic CSS selectors and styles, working with classes, presentation rules, positioning and layout rules in CSS. The latest developments in HTML5 and the CSS3 standard are covered. The course emphasizes hands-on exercises with HTML and CSS that will engage students in real-world web page development projects, implementing snippets of websites, and creating complete modern websites with good looks, modern structure, and mobile support.

The "React" course provides knowledge and practical skills to build client applications (Single Page Applications) using one of the most popular working frameworks. Architectural templates for SPA applications, components and more are studied. Data visualization views and templates (templates), patterns, data binding, multi-view handling, routing, data extraction from REST services are studied.
The training provides knowledge and practical skills to develop Single Page Applications (SPA) using ReactJS technology, one of the most popular and fastest client interface rendering libraries developed and supported by Facebook and Instagram. Special attention will be given to JSX syntax, working with Queries and Promises, splitting an application into components, routing and validating forms, and different ways to style components using techniques such as CSS Modules and Styled Components. New concepts in the library, such as React Hooks and the Context API will also be covered. The training will also emphasize writing Unit Tests using JEST.
